Add source type suggestion for event forwarding (#4380)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/protocols/enforce/forward-blocked-events.md

Select the source you'll forward events to from the Blocked Events and Traits dropdown. Segment recommends that you create a new Source for forwarded events to avoid contaminating production data and enable blocking only when you are confident about the quality of your data.

> Since forwading will happen server to server, we recommend creating a [HTTP Tracking API source](https://segment.com/docs/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/server/http-api/), though any server-side source will work. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since forwarding happens server to server, Segment recommends creating a [HTTP Tracking API source](/docs/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/server/http-api/), though any server-side source will work. 
```
